# HeavyConnect Chalange


## HeavyConnect tecnologies

 * AngularJS: Old but strong.
 * IONIC V1: A rudge nightmare, prepare yourself (not included in the challenge).
 * Django: A powerful tool. Use with care! 


## The chalange

### 1. Let's see your Django skills.

Write a simple django API using Django Rest Framework with the bellow stuff.

- A model called Report with:
    - id: Autogenerated by Django.
    - message: (**TextField**) the report content.
    - author: (**ForeignKey:User**) The report creator. You can use the the Django's default user model.
    - supervisors: (**ManyToManyField:User**) Who will read the report.
- A Model called ReportResponse with:
    - id: Autogenerated by Django.
    - message: (**TextField**) the response content.
    - report: (**ForeignKey:Report**)
    - author: (**ForeignKey:User**) The response creator.
- An endpoint that returns a list of reports and have:
    - PATH: **'/reports'**
    - METHOD: **GET**
    - PARAMS: 
        - user_id: (**int**) Not required. If given, only reports that have any relation with this user should be returned. The user can be the author, supervisor or author of a response of the report.
        - pagination_skip: (**int**) Not required. An offset for the response list. E.g.: If you get 100 reports and the skip is 50, only the 50 last reports should be returned.
        - pagination_limit: (**int**) Not required. An limitation for the result size. E.g.: If you get 100 reports, the skip is 10 and the limit is 20, only the reports from 10ยบ to 30ยบ should be returned.
    - RETURNS: A JSON with a list of reports containing:
        - message
        - author: with first_name, last_name and email.
        - supervisors: a list of users with first_name, last_name and email.
        - responses: a list of (**ReportResponse**) with:
            - message
            - author: with first_name, last_name and email.
- Use fixtures to create 20 users and insert 100 reports in the database, with two report responses for each one.

Note that you can maybe handle a big amount of reports, so try to do optimized queries and use the django query best practices.

### 2. Back to AngularJS.

Write a simple front-end in AngularJs to show a list of reports using the Django API that you did. Also, add a select box with the list of all users. Once you select an user, you should show only the reports related to this user. On the reports list, each item should contains all informations, including author, supervisors and the responses.

Feel free to make the front-end looks beautiful, it is not requried, but will give you extra points.

### 3. The GitHub.

Add the project to your GitHub and send us the link. 